No one can slay for two masters for either he will hate the one and love the other or he will stick to the one and despise the other
You cannot slay for God and for riches
Excuse me. I have to talk to other clients as well. I thought I could do both
But tonight I had to make a choice. How's it going everyone? I guess doing okay. Oh, yes good
When is Marty going to be here? He was supposed to show me some other offerings in this building
Yes, Marty will be here very soon sir
Would you care for another glass of wine? No, I don't have much time. I can't stay long. I have another important meeting tonight
Everyone had tried to warn me
They told me to remember to remember the wife of lot
You can do it. Okay, keep practicing. Okay. I'm almost done good good
We are going to make a grandma special best told daddy today. I'm gonna help me sure
Hey girls from home. Hey
Wow, you guys are busy
Hey, Gloria, you went on Thursday. How did it go? Yes? We had really nice time
I had some nice calls over an east side of town. Oh really? Yeah, hey, you know
Joe the contractor. I've been doing accounts for all these years. Uh-huh
Well, I got a chance to witness to him today and he agreed to start a study
Wow, dad. That's awesome. Oh, that's great. I hope he works out. Yeah, I do too. Oh, what's that?
Hey, you can't wait a little bit
I don't know what you're making, but I'm sure it's really good. Well if you let us finish making it
Okay, all right, all right. I give up. I give up. I'm gonna work on the budget. Okay, so just call me when it's ready
All right, okay, sure
Oh, Tina, by the way, is your talk ready?
Circuit will still be there so you want it to be perfect. It will be, but that's not till next week anyway
How about your score?
Already dead. Hmm. Hey dad
There's some strange man walking into our building strange man
Let me check. It's okay. It's Joe. Joe
Why is he coming here? I didn't tell you. Yeah, he's gonna pick up his books for the study, okay?
Joe, thanks for coming over man. Yeah, come on in. Oh, if you don't mind. Can you take off your shoes? You can just put it on the rack over here
Serious. Yeah, this is where we put all our shoes
Okay, those are nice boots. Yeah, thanks. I want you to meet my family. This is a
This is my wife, Gloria. What's up? And our daughters Tina and Anna. Hi. Yeah, hello
Okay, why don't we come into my office? Mm-hmm. All right, come on over. Okay. All right, here's a chair
Get that for you and you can take a seat and oh before you do so can you grab the door cozy, isn't it?
How do you get anything done in here, man? I mean, it's really convenient. I mean everything said arms reach
It works. It's good
Okay, so what we're gonna study or what um we can if you like
But today I was just planning on giving you the book I was talking to you about and also I want to give you your own copy of the bible
So you could look up the scriptures. So this is for you
Coming from my background as an accountant. It's organized so nicely
It explains everything in such logical order and it also helps us to see how the bible applies to every day topics
Like what being a diligent worker you're gonna see the bible
It says that working with your hands. That's good work, too. Just as long as you're honest. I'm telling you, man
Nobody's honest today, man. Not even my suppliers. If I had it my way, I take those guys and I give them what they deserve. Okay
Joe
Look, I understand it's not easy making a living. No, it's not but you know many people deal with upsetting situations by applying
Scriptural principles the bible shows us how we could find true peace and
And also to get our emotions under control. I can't help it man. I was born angry
Joe
You're gonna learn that the bible tells us that we have to make our minds over
We had to put on the new personality and personality. I can't be somebody. I'm not man. I
Understand I tell you what why don't we talk about this some more?
You know when I come over to your place for the study, okay? Yeah, all right. Whatever
So we'll see that your place Joe. Okay. All right. Do you want to have something to eat before you go?
I'm good. Thanks
Again for coming by and picking up the books. Okay. Okay, Joe. All right, be safe man. Bye soon. Bye
Boys your dad's home start getting ready for dinner, okay? Hey boys. Hey, yeah, all right
Hey, how's it going?
Good good. How was your day? All right?
Hey, so what are those books? Oh these
Those are just some books from my accountant Brian. Are they financial books because that looks like a bible. Yeah
Yeah, Brian's a pretty religious guy
Yeah, it's got nice family too. Anyway, so what we have for dinner?
What what when did you meet his family? Oh, I just saw him around
Yeah, he said it might be good to come over
Bring his wife maybe to meet you and they've got two daughters about Ricky and Arthur's age put the phone away. Come on
Let's go turn that game off. Let's eat. You made your favorite dinner. Oh
tacos
Okay, let's say a prayer
Ruby you have to convince Gloria. She's your daughter. She is making me look bad
She is my niece. So the way she lives reflects on me, too
She just needs to come work for my company. Then she'll be successful
You should talk to her about that. All right? Okay. Bye. Would you like the crystal gel today? Oh, it's okay
It's too expensive. You need more money
Not super rich, but just enough to have what our relatives have
Oh, they look down on you mom. We have enough money. Maybe enough for today
But what if you get sick mom, please listen to me. Okay, you're done. I can try. Okay
Hasn't Brian lost some of his clients lately. Now you have to take care of yourself
You know your uncle can help you find a good job in his real estate company mom
Jehovah will take care of us as long as we trust in him you waste time on God
Doing that pioneering thing
The time that you could use to make money
How would you have enough when you're old mom? Please listen to me
What an old lady can't give you some advice no, but we already talked about you never listen. I listen
Mom, I listen, but would you please listen to me once
Your girls have to help you have no sons. So they are your most important investment
You have to get them into good jobs like your brothers kids
We don't expect our girls to provide us with money or support or anything. No, you just don't know
What it's like to be poor. I
Know I remember when I was young all I had to eat was turn off that I dug out of the cold ground
And I had to wear my sister shoes with holes in them
Look at my shoes
Do you see holes in them? How do you think I got shoes with no holes, huh?
I can help us to cope with any stress or
Endary when they face in the future
My husband just lost his job. So this might help. Oh, I'm so sorry to hear that
Oh, please be sure to read it and also check out our website. Okay. Thank you. Have a good day
Hey, that was good. Yeah, it's okay. Are you okay?
Well, Brian, I'm worried what happened to her can happen to us too
I mean we need a stable income and I can get a job in my uncle's real estate firm
Maybe this is an answer to our prayers
I might have to quit pioneering until I settle into work and stuff
But just for a while until we're financially more stable. Oh, yeah, we have enough
Besides you hope it will take care of us. He always has
We just have to trust in him. What about our girls? They need a stable income to be pioneers. They have
They need a stable income to be pioneers and they need to know where their next meal is going from and that they have
You know, close to keep them more. I mean don't you believe that you hope we'll keep this promise to help us?
Of course, but you never know what could have happened tomorrow
We don't expect to do it just to drop everything we did into our last. Do we?
Money is protection, right? We just need to be realistic and balanced
Gloria Jesus said never be anxious about the next day
Hello
Can I just take one of these? Yes, please do. Please be sure to visit our website for more information
Oh, anyways, my Bible study Joe texted me earlier today
So he's looking forward to seeing us later at their place. I almost forgot
What time I was supposed to be there?
Right after we're done here and we take the cart back to the kingdom home
Okay, I want us to buy home in fresh enough to
So you guys meet a lot of different people when you do this work
Yes, as Jova's witnesses, we like to meet people from different backgrounds and cultures
Yeah, we like to meet people from other countries. Don't we marry?
Yeah, we do
But we already have our own religion and traditions
They're part of who we are
Didn't become a witness mean you had to give that all up not at all
We'll still enjoy our traditional food
Music and clothes. There's so many other things
Yes, so we enjoy the best parts of all cultures
We just avoid the parts that God disapproves of like what
Well, for example, my mother still prepares food to offer to our dead ancestors and special days. Oh wow
Yeah, I don't think I would ever do that
Well, it's like with the first century Christians. There were certain common attitudes and Jewish customs that they had to leave behind
So what did your family say when you changed your religion? My mother was very upset
She's not so angry anymore, although she doesn't understand. Oh
Gloria Brian. These are our boys Arthur and Ricky. Oh, hi
And Ricky. They're amazing boys. Yeah, my boys. How y'all doing good? Yeah good to meet you both. So how old are you? I'm 16
You're not almost
16. I'm 18. Oh, which high school do you attend the one right down the street? Oh, that's our girl school, too
Um, do you know Anna and Tina?
Oh, yeah, I've I've definitely seen them around. They're both so
Uh, really brainy
Okay
Your girls are very lovely
I'm sure they're very good girls. Oh, thank you. You know, actually they both want to be full-time Bible teachers. Oh
Oh, uh, by the way, you know, we wanted to invite you all of you
To the hall of the Sunday. We have a special speaker. He's very special. Yes, he's dear to us
And we've known him for years
I don't know
Well seen maybe just to check it out, but we'll have to talk about that
Gloria, why did you give me that look when I said that girls wanted to be in full-time service? Well
I was reminded recently that the safest road is to get a good job with a good company
Has your mom been talking to you about this again?
She's my mom. I have to listen to her. I owe it to her
You know, my father died when my brother and I were young and then after that
My mom had to raise her son. They are doing nothing. You know, if they were
Yes, I know she was very brave
Okay, but she didn't know Jehovah
We do
Shouldn't we be encouraging our girls to serve him full-time? Why can't they do both?
Everyone has to work, right?
Okay, but what comes first work or Jehovah
But you see there are so many witnesses that have prestigious high-paying jobs
Yeah, but should we be pushing Anna and Tina to succeed in this system?
No, I'm not. I just want them to have normal life
And who knows how long this system will last
And what is wrong with living comfortably in the meantime
Okay, this is not a last day's question. Okay, it's always been wrong to strive to be rich
No, not rich just plenty
Just enough to give them peace of mind so that they can sleep soundly
That's exactly the opposite of what the Bible says
Sweet is the sleep of the one serving
But the plenty belonging to the rich does not permit him to sleep
But don't you think they need a fallback career just in case
Just in case what in case Jesus was wrong
So
Guess what what mom's not freaked out because we recognize my picture
Yeah, that figures he's cute, but mom would never approve anyway
Of course not she'd say you're too young and he's not in the truth
Yeah, not just that their family isn't as well off as we are
I don't forget the oh
Factor right if gamma heard of it should go
Oh
Hey girls
You know what I always told you you need to marry someone with the same standard as ours
You have to consider their family background and parents career
Mom doesn't the Bible say marry only in the Lord not only in your social class. Yeah, never mind
Have you guys finished your homework yet and your finals coming up?
I don't want you missing anymore meetings than necessary. Okay
Why should they miss any meetings you know putting school before Jehovah?
That's just practice for putting work before Jehovah sometimes they have to
What are those you're not going out in your sister shoes
Why not because I said so but these are perfect. She doesn't worry them anymore never never your grandma had to wear her sister shoes
And they had holes in them mom calm down. I don't wear them anymore. She was so ashamed
I made up my mind to make a lot of money so no one would ever send me bottle clothes and you are not going to borrow it either
Hey, so you're gonna go or what all right? I'll go now really me alone
Well, you don't have to go if you don't want to well if you don't want me to go then I won't
I do okay. I said I do I want you to go so I said I'd go I'd go just to see
Okay, okay, good
Good, thank you, but this may be the only time
Maybe yeah, I'm gonna tell you exactly what's gonna happen
It's the same thing that happens when I go to church the people don't even know that I'm there. So why go
What nothing?
You'll see you'll see
We'd like to welcome back
Brother Lee Williams to deliver his final talk entitled
No one can slave for two masters brother Williams, please
There are billions of people who are enslaved without even realizing it
They unintentionally do it to themselves because they feel obligated to follow the
Traditions of their culture and they put family and money ahead of God
But Jesus made it clear that sooner or later
Everyone on earth will have to choose who or what they will serve as master
either Jehovah or
Money and the power and prestige that goes with having it
Notice how Jesus explained this at Matthew chapter 6 and verse 24 I invite you to open your Bibles there
Matthew chapter 6 and verse 24
And Jesus said no one can slave for two masters
For either he will hate the one and love the other
Or he will stick to the one and despise the other
You cannot slave for God and for riches
Now how can someone be divided in loyalty like this
Well, let's think of a Bible example
Lot in his family
Now a lot moved his family near Sodom
And then later into the city although knowing that the men there were wicked gross sinners against Jehovah
Was he seeking material security?
Did he give into pressure from his wife?
Did they
Try to serve two masters
Well, whatever the case we know the results the family suffered spiritually and they put their lives at risk
Eventually this attitude affected Lot's wife so much that she loved the comforts of Sodom more than Jehovah
Even while Jehovah used the angels to try to get them out of that wicked city
Lot's wife looked back
Possibly because of her attachment to her things
And she became a pillar of salt
Now could Lot's wife have avoided that tragic outcome?
Of course it didn't have to end that way
No wonder Jesus made the very direct comments at Luke chapter 17 verse 32 when he said
Remember the wife of Lot
And there was the lesson for us
We are living at a time when it is vital that we do not look back
What a sobering reminder that we should put Jehovah God first and seek his approval before family money and things
Tell your folks. I said okay. All right. Thank you. Bye-bye
Brother Williams that was very inspiring. Oh, thank you Brian. I'm glad you thought so. I want you to meet Joe and Mary
This is their first meeting. Oh nice to meet you Joe and Mary. Yeah. Hey Gloria. Hey, brother Williams
I gotta tell you all of this is so different from my church. I mean, I liked your sermon
But believe me we're not a family that expects to ever get rich
We never have any money for anything anyways
Right just a lot of debt. Yeah, but you know the important thing is that we can have our spiritual needs taken care of
God can take care of all the other needs
Well, I'm glad you were able to make it today
Hopefully this won't be your last time now maybe thanks again with the way it's take care. Yeah. Take care
Hey, so thanks for coming over man. I really appreciate the effort you made to come today. Yeah, man
It was good. I enjoyed it
Speech as he gave it good. Yeah, man. Pretty nice. Yeah, so
Don't see who did Mary think
Well, I know I got to check with her. Um, I mean, this is a lot different than her church. Yeah, so later on out
I'll get her take on it too. Yeah, Brian. Thanks again brother Williams. Good to see you. I appreciate it
And Joe, this next meeting. Yeah. All right. Bye
Hey, Brian
Where's mr. Williams wife? He's a widower
Julia died a few years ago. Oh, but he took good care of her right to the end man. That's sad. Yeah
Especially when it's your wife
Oh, but you know what he's convinced and we're all convinced we'll see her again in the new world
And you know despite his grief he continues his work. Well, yeah, so how much does he make that? Oh, well, he doesn't make anything
He's he's a volunteer volunteer. Yeah. Well, how does he afford that nice car? He's phone in his suit
Well, the congregation covers his basic expenses. What the congregation
When it sounds to me like he's living off others instead of working like you say. Oh, no, no, Joe
You got it all wrong. He's busy. Just like the rest of us. He's he's busy preaching. He's
Preparing teaching listening to it. It's not like that
Yeah, but you suppose he ever asked himself can I make it in this real world like you and I do every day?
Joe trust me. He knows what this world is really like. I mean, he's in it every day helping people
Sides before you learn the truth. He had a prestigious career. He just doesn't talk about it
Man, I got to go
Hey, Mary and we're trying to follow Bible principles as much as Mary. Yeah, you ready to go? I'm ready
Well, I gotta go so okay. I'll see you next time. Hey girls
Yeah, we gotta get back. So thanks again, man. I'll see you next week. Mm-hmm. All right
All right
Really enjoyed by the Williams talk today
The part where he said you cannot save for two masters
You cannot serve God and riches. I really like that
Yeah, brother Williams always gives nice talk, but are there many brothers who are successful in the world and in the truth too?
How can you say you cannot do both?
But Gloria it wasn't brother Williams who said no one could slay for two masters. It was Jesus. I know
But I see witnesses who were very active in the truth and also hold down
Your high-paying jobs some even pioneer. That's why you have to exert yourself
Gloria
Jesus said to exert yourself to get into the narrow door not to serve two masters
evidently lots wife tried to serve both
But we live in different times though
Don't you think our girls need to try as hard as they can but think of those in our own congregation who push their kids too far
They couldn't do it all they had to take a break from the truth
So they could pursue their material goals
So far they haven't returned to Jehovah
Can you guys walk any faster? I don't want to miss my TV show
So mom how was your baptism? What baptism didn't you get baptized this morning?
How was it? Yeah, was it as good as dad said? Yeah, I enjoyed it
Everyone was so pleasant
It's not what I thought it would be. Are you serious? Yes, I'm serious
We'll listen to a sermon and look up a lot of scriptures
I couldn't even keep up. I didn't know the Bible had so many books
But you know now I can see why your dad's so interested. So what does that mean?
Yeah, like what happens now? Are you like ready to get baptized?
Shall I baptize now now?
It's wrong with you. Stop that. You know both of you just get up and let me clean this table. Let's go
I told them that I would sit in the next time they came to study with your dad
I got to keep my word. No, you don't you don't oldest people anything
Have they'll understand anyways? Listen that would be rude
I'm many things, but I've never been rude besides
I'm curious who knows what I could learn from all of this
Billis Menas so funny
Mom
They're gay couple so a year ago that shocked you thinks change and we need to get used to it
You see that's the only way to survive
Your girls need to get big money jobs
You have no choice
Otherwise your sister-in-law and a family will look down on them
And on you
Mom why are you trying to even impress them? You don't even like those people
Never mind
I'm studying school tomorrow
School?
You
What's going on?
I'm going to take a realistic glasses so that I can earn my own money
I want to move to better apartment
Mom, can you please speak to uncle for me about working for his real estate company?
Now you talk like a good dad
Next time on remember the wife of lot
What's going on? Why are you being so serious?
I'm just trying to tell you that I love you all
And I want what's best for us
Glory's mother keeps badgering her meat to move up
I'm just trying to make her happy
If I make the sale today
I'll have enough to make down payment on the bigger apartment that I told you about
The one on the east side